[Gather evidence to identify what your values are]

Values that I have identified with myself:

  - Independence
  - Creativity
  - Kindness
  - Open-mindedness
  - Work Ethic
  - Growth-minded
  - Resourcefulness
  - Dependability

I have the following results from an online interview for a position at Bunnings in 2021:

INSIGHT 1
You seem to be imaginative and enjoy creative work. You are open-minded and receptive to new ideas. You have a greater appreciation than most for aesthetics and beauty as well as some measures of well-being, including overall happiness.
 
INSIGHT 2
You take on responsibilities well and are considered to be generally dependable. In most situations, you are considered in your decision making, and usually enjoy a planned approach to your work and tasks.
 
INSIGHT 3
You trust your counsel and are not someone who makes rash decisions. You consider options carefully. Your quieter disposition may be seen as lack of enthusiasm, but this isn’t necessarily the case. You just show your excitement differently and don’t like to be the centre of attention.
 
INSIGHT 4
You are cooperative and flexible when required but will hold the line when it comes to the accountability of others.
 
INSIGHT 5
You are empathetic and connected to how people feel. You like to give and receive emotional support, and you are aware of your own and others’ emotions. You may be risk-averse on occasion.
 
INSIGHT 6
You are deeply connected to the emotions and feelings of others. You are aware of your emotions and can adapt your behaviour to the dynamics of different work environments. You are humble about your achievements and prefer to lift the accomplishments of others.

I am proud that I achieved a Bachelor in Computing Systems as it showed that I perserverance and that I could work in a team environment.

I have a quote which is also the name of a book and it is "Everything Is Figureoutable". It's about instilling the belief that you can accomplish everything you want to achieve, whether its getting rid of self-doubt, dealing with criticism or lack of resources. Everything Is Figureoutable!

[Gather evidence to identify your strengths and areas for development]

I recently took a test on 16Personalities, which uses a mix of the Myers-Brig theory and a reworking of the Big 5 personality traits, to determine that my personality type is INTP -T. We are "Innovative inventors with an unquenchable thirst for knowledge".